Move the remaining RN wiki content to website (#3120)
facebook/react-native-website: website/contributing/changelogs-in-pull-requests.md

- **Fixed**, for any bug fixes.
- **Security**, in case of vulnerabilities.

Finally, the "Message" field may answer "what and why" on a feature level. Use this to briefly tell React Native users about notable changes.

For more detail, see [How do I make a good changelog?](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#how) and [Why keep a changelog?](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#why)

### Examples

- `[General] [Added] - Add snapToOffsets prop to ScrollView component`
- `[General] [Fixed] - Fix various issues in snapToInterval on ScrollView component`
- `[iOS] [Fixed] - Fix crash in RCTImagePicker`

### FAQ

#### What if my pull request contains changes to both Android and JavaScript?

Use the Android category.

#### What if my pull request contains changes to both Android and iOS?

Use the General category if the change is made in a single pull request.

#### What if my pull request contains changes to Android, iOS, and JavaScript?

Use the General category if the change is made in a single pull request.

#### What if...?

Any changelog entry is better than none. If you are unsure if you have picked the right category, use the "message" field to succinctly describe your change. 

> These entries are used by the [changelog-generator.js](https://github.com/react-native-community/releases/blob/main/changelog-generator.js) script to build a rough draft, which is then edited by a release coordinator. 

Author: ```suggestion
These entries are used by the [`@rnx-kit/rn-changelog-generator`](https://github.com/microsoft/rnx-kit/tree/main/incubator/rn-changelog-generator) script to build a rough draft, which is then edited by a release coordinator. 
```

Replace broken link to changelog generator.
